docs: parallelism doc updates (#7457)
deephaven/deephaven-core: docs/python/getting-started/crash-course/query-strings.md

For more information, see [scoping rules](../../how-to-guides/query-scope.md).

> When Deephaven parallelizes a query, rows may be processed in any order across multiple CPU cores. Functions that work correctly regardless of execution order can run in parallel. This function works in parallel because each call is independent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Deephaven parallelizes a query, rows may be processed in any order across multiple CPU cores. Functions that work correctly regardless of execution order are safe to run in parallel. This function works in parallel because each call is independent:
```
